<html>
<h1> Password Security</h1>
<p>Password security is one of the most important things you will ever come across when it comes to technology. Without it things can happen like hacking and such. Being hacked is a very dangerous thing to happen because by being hacked alone someone can pull your bank information, your address, your family, and much more. Around 343 million people worldwide get hacked yearly and they lose all their money in one go. People can even take bank statements and take entire bank accounts. It is a very common thing and millions get hacked on a daily basis.
But, there are ways to get away from that issue. Your first step in choosing a secure password should be to go to a password security checking website. This website will tell you the strength of your password as you put it in. Then, you may choose from there how you’d like to format your password. Also, using symbols can be important because those symbols may trick up hackers if used effectively. Finally find the right password that fits you and make sure to change your password often because when you don’t it leaves you more vulnerable to hacking. Make sure that the password you choose doesn’t have too much significance to you because that is what hackers always look for first. Then make sure to change up your passwords for different subscriptions and sites. Never use the same password for everything you do because that leaves you also vulnerable to hacking.
That is a basic form of how to protect yourself from getting hacked. Being hacked is a scary thing and to recover the lost items you lose. It may take quite a while to do. Also, good hackers can make it look like the money or good lost were never lost in the first place. Also, be aware of all different types of hackers. Because hackers come in all different ways we’d never expect. So, make sure to take your password security seriously because if you don’t you may regret it one day.
</p>
